VerteX rebranded (#1376)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/12.5-vertex.md

icon: "shield"
hideToC: false
fullWidth: false
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';

# Overview

Palette VerteX offers regulated industries, such as government and public sector organizations that handle sensitive and classified information simplicity, security, and scale in production Kubernetes.

# FIPS-Compliant

Palette VerteX integrates validated Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) 140-2 cryptographic modules in Kubernetes clusters it deploys to ensure robust data protection for your organization’s infrastructure and applications. To learn more about our FIPS 140-2 certification, review [Spectro Cloud Cryptographic Module](https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/certificate/4349). FIPS modules, which are accessible in our private artifact repository, extend Palette’s existing security features that include security scans, powerful RBAC, and tamper-proof edge device images. Palette VerteX protects sensitive data in clusters across edge, bare metal, on-prem data centers, air-gapped environments, and cloud. 

> With its additional security scanning capabilities, Palette VerteX is designed to meet the stringent requirements of regulated industries. VerteX runs on FIPS-compliant Ubuntu versions 20.0.x and 22.0.x and is self-hosted in edge, data center, cloud, and air-gapped environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With its additional security scanning capabilities, Palette VerteX is designed to meet the stringent requirements of regulated industries. VerteX runs on FIPS-compliant Ubuntu versions 20.04 and is self-hosted in data center, cloud, and air-gapped environments.
```

Where did you get that from? I don't think Ubuntu 22.04 can be FIPS compliant.

# Access Palette VerteX

> To set up a Palette VerteX account, please contact our support team by sending an email to support@spectrocloud.com. Kindly provide the following information in your email:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a Palette VerteX account, contact our support team by sending an email to support@spectrocloud.com. Kindly provide the following information in your email:
```
